# Zerong

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.2.9.

# Development

## Initial project setup

With node and angular installed create a new project with below command & answer questions.

`ng new project-name`

Next go into the project folder to continue with the steps to add this project to firebase for hosting.

`firebase init`

Answer questions, pick at least `hosting` option from firebase. An existing project can be selected
or a new one created in this firebase/cli tool.

During the setup a question will popup about your public directory. Make sure to set it to
`dist/project-name` since that is where the build will be generated by angular by default.

Other options aren't that crucial. Most can be changed later in `firebase.json` config file anyway.

I noticed I always got an error that the location isn't configured for analytics. I have to manually
set it for each project in the firebase console online (I bet it's just a default somewhere). If needed
go to Firebase console > select your project > Project settings > General (tab) and edit
`Default GCP resource location`

After that you can host your app with

`ng build --aop`

`firebase deploy -m "commit message" --only hosting`

## Adding material 

Execute `ng add @angular/material` and answer questions. Pick a default theme or create your own. 

Add some components, see https://material.angular.io/components/categories

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
